Refactor the existing dsv->json code and add CLI (#18)
signal-noise/datasupply: docs/conventions.md

# Data Supply Conventions

## Metadata

> _Data supply_ will associates certain files together. If it finds a CSV it will look for a corespondingly named YAML file to provide infomration about that data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Data supply_ will associate certain files together. If it finds a source data file, it will look for a correspondingly named metadata file to provide information about that data.
```

e.g. if __data supply__ finds `population.csv` it will look for `population.yml`.

> Metadata files might tell the you about the types of data columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata files allow you to specify the types of data columns in your source data, as well as any other metadata your project might need to consume alongside the data.
```
